---
published: true
title: God's Calling in My Life
layout: post
---
Before I officially begin my story I want to say two things. First I just want to thank you for following my journey over these next few months as I dive into what God has in store for me. It is going to be an amazing adventure. Second I just want to apologize before hand for the grammatical errors that are to come in this blog over the next few months. Even though English is my primary language, it has not been one of my favorite classes, nor is writing one of my strengths.

So Namibia? What many of you may be thinking. Why there? Well, let me tell you a little bit of what God has been doing in my life and share a part of my testimony. One thing that I have continually struggled with since middle-school is a battle with depression. I’ve been through many highs and lows on this roller coaster of life but the one thing that has remained constant is God’s unfailing love for me and looking back on my life so far, it is all so very evident.

This past summer I was in a terrible car accident. I fell asleep driving home from work one morning and ended up upside-down in a ditch after a head on collision with a telephone pole. To everyone’s surprise, I was able to climb out of the car with only minor injuries. Only by God’s grace was I spared and I found a new perspective on life. Rather than going through the motions like I had done for so long prior, I was ready to make my relationship with God the number one priority in my life and my what a journey it has been.

Over this past winter break, I went to a missional conference in St. Louis Missouri called Urbana. During this week long conference, with over 16,000 other brothers and sisters in Christ, we began to dive into what God was calling us to do in life. I don’t think I have ever heard God’s voice so clearly in my life. He was calling me to step out in faith and rely on him for my future. There was two areas in my life he was calling me to trust in him for specifically. The first was the men’s small group I had been leading and the second was a mission trip. Not really knowing what either of those meant, I accepted the challenge that he placed on my heart, knowing fully that he would provide. Little did I know what that would actually require or the impact it would have on my life.

Men’s small group has been such a blessing to me. Building relationships with other men on campus and seeing them grow as Christians is so rewarding. God has called me to build relationships with these guys on a personal level and build accountability. Accountability has been an essential aspect to my walk with Christ and I wanted to share that with the men of my small group. In Proverbs it states, "Iron sharpens iron, and one man sharpens another," and that has been my focus this semester. A few weeks ago we had a testimony night at small group. Every one of the members there that week opened up and shared. It is amazing to see how God has been using us in each others lives to build each other up and grow as Godly men and in know that God will continue to work in our lives as we continue on throughout the semester.

Now onto Immersion, a one month trip to Namibia in Southern Africa and the focus of this blog. A great opportunity to serve the kingdom without all the distractions society presents. I knew God was calling me to go but I was letting the financial aspect of it discourage me because I knew I would never be able to pay for it myself. The trip itself costs $4,600 plus, I would need additional money for my passport, equipment, vaccinations, and transportation to and from Indiana. So in total I would need approximately $5,200. This number was so daunting. How was I supposed to raise that much? Then I was reminded of something that my dad always says in ministry, “ If God gives you the vision, he will give you the provision,” and how true is that! How minuscule is $5,200 in God’s kingdom. As long as I do what I can do, I am trusting that God will do what I can’t.

So, I made placed the down payment, am in the process of the medical portion currently, and am beginning my fundraising! Thank you again for your prayers and financial support. I will be posting updates to the trip as time gets closer, so check back in to see what God is doing in my life!